Release Notes for Passion by Sarveshwar Senthilkumar

Version 1.0 (October 14, 2021) - The First Official Public Release for Passion 

Version 1.1 BingoPassionately (October 18, 2021) - The second official public release for Passion. This version release consisted of three additional features, one was a website to input Bus Bingo guesses, there was also a way to restart this guess database, the third feature was a button in the teacher's dashboard to clear the cookies.

Version 1.2 SecurePassion (November 9, 2021) - The third official release for Passion. This version release consisted of four additional features, one was changing the layout of the Bus Bingo Guesses Database, instead of restarting the database every time, the program will save the date that the guess was entered on, and it will only look for guesses entered on that specific day. The second feature I added was a way to view guesses of a specific day. The third feature is Bus Bingo Data Correction, this feature will take a look at the data and decide if it is valid, and only if it is valid, it will add the entry to the database. The fourth feature, the last but not least, in fact the most in this update, is the security feature. The security feature will keep track of how many attempts it takes to log in, if you exceed four attempts, it will lock and show you a webpage that notifies you of this. After you are locked, you can only log in after 5 minutes.

Version 1.3 PassionRecycling (November 27, 2021) - The fourth official release for Passion. The major feature of this update was changing the Bus Bingo Guessing Page to a Online Number Guessing page in order to help randomly select students. This version release consists of two features, one was making a form to get the question of a raffle, the other feature was getting the lowest and highest guesses of a raffle. This information will be displayed at the guessing page. I have recycled the system for Bus Bingo Guessing and turned it into a Number Guessing game. We have also changed the url from /bbml to /random, but to make the transition easier, if you go to the bbml site, you will be automatically redirected to the /random url.